[Autogenerated] in this section will run a demo which
demonstrates the main functionalities off AWS cognitive
identity pool in a full chain deployment.
Let me describe the scenario for these.
Emma will use a different AWS cognito user pull instance
with the local users already configured.
Identity pool is then configured to grant access to successfully
authenticated users with s tree read Write privileges will have some
JavaScript embedded in our application,
which provides support to the authentication and authorization work flows.
Let's begin with AWS Cognito dashboard.
Let's select a user pool and let me show the current
instance we will use in this demo.
As you can see, I have some users already in place.
Also have a look to the attributes here.
Users will sign with the user name.
Also an up client.
Ideas generated.
Let's take note of it all.
Other user pull perimeters are now said with full value,
So time to move toe identity pools I ever had set up an identity pool.
Instance.
Let's taken out of the identity pool i d.
As you can see, we have a role associated with authenticated the users.
Let's investigate more this role as a touch the session policy which
allow s tree access to all AWS Global Man takes account.
Let's move back to AWS Cognito Dashboard and let's
go for authentication providers.
And let's take note that I have already field with information
relevant to user pool an APP client I d.
Now the fun part.
I have created a web application hosted on AWS s three bucket.
For the sake of simplicity, the Web application is very basic.
Justin html index which contains some interesting cognitive decay.
JavaScript code Let me just highlight two points in the code.
The 1st 1 contains some variables in its allies the with the
user pool and identity pose identifier which matches the one
that we have described so far.
Then we have a snippet which basically execute a looking function
and received back AWS temporary credentials.
I will not go into details here.
Let me just show you the result.
So here is our web application with stagnating with our test
user and with a silverback AWS credentials,
access key, secret access key and a session token No,
let me jump to postmen one more time.
We feel our a p a call with our AWS temporary credentials and
we receive back the complete least of AWS pockets enabled over our global man takes account